chore: Add support for Github Actions (#1)
owasp-amass/asset-db: README.md

# asset-db

[![GoDoc](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/owasp-amass/asset-db/?utm_source=godoc)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/owasp-amass/asset-db)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apache%202-blue)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![Contribute Yes](https://img.shields.io/badge/contribute-yes-brightgreen.svg)](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

[![Chat on Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/433729817918308352.svg?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/HNePVyX3cp)
[![Follow on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/owaspamass.svg?logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/owaspamass)

> This repository offers services and repositories to interact with the attack surface database. It aims to foster the development of an ecosystem of scanning tools, allowing them to store results within the same datastore as Amass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository offers services and repositories to interact with an asset database. It aims to foster the development of an ecosystem of scanning tools, allowing them to store assets (from [open-asset-model](https://github.com/owasp-amass/open-asset-model) and their relationships.
```

## Documentation

The documentation can be found in the Go packages repository: [asset-db](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/owasp-amass/asset-db), there you can find the reference and descriptions to the available services.

## Contributing

We are always happy to get new contributors on board! Please check [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to our codebase, and join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/HNePVyX3cp) to discuss current project goals.

## Licensing

> This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [Apache license](LICENSE).

Reviewer: this is a duplication of the badges at the top and not super valuable.
